docs: add installation tutorials for skypilot serving (#1099)
TabbyML/tabby: website/docs/installation/skypilot/index.md

# Skypilot Serving
[SkyPilot](https://skypilot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/) is a framework for running LLMs, AI, and batch jobs on any cloud, offering maximum cost savings, highest GPU availability, and managed execution.

> [SkyServe](https://skypilot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/serving/sky-serve.html) is SkyPilot’s model serving library. SkyServe (short for SkyPilot Serving) takes an existing serving framework and deploys it across one or more regions or clouds.

Reviewer: I'm wondering if it makes sense to mention the self-host / BYOC benefit somewhere. A sketch:

With this deployment mode, all replica VM(s) running Tabby and a lightweight controller VM are entirely deployed in your own cloud accounts and VPCs.

Author: Added

## Configuration

At first, let's specified the resource requirements for the Tabby service in the YAML configuration for SkyServe.

```yaml
resources:
  ports: 8080
  accelerators: T4:1
```

Skypilot supports GPU from various cloud vendors. Please refer to the official [Skypilot documentation](https://skypilot.readthedocs.io/en/latest/getting-started/installation.html) for detailed installation instructions.

As Tabby exposes its health check at `/v1/health`, we can define the following service configuration:

```yaml
service:
  readiness_probe: /v1/health
  replicas: 1
```

Finally, we define the command line that actually initiates the container job:

```yaml
run: |
  docker run --gpus all -p 8080:8080 -v ~/.tabby:/data \
    tabbyml/tabby \
    serve --model TabbyML/StarCoder-1B --device cuda
```

## Launch the service

We first execute `sky serve up tabby.yaml -n tabby`.

![start tabby service](./start-service.png)

If everything goes well, you'll see messages below
![service ready](./service-ready.png)

> This only initiates SkyServe's scheduler and load balancer; the actual Tabby service is not yet activated.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This finishes launching SkyServe's control VM which runs a load balancer for this serve; the actual replica running the Tabby service is undergoing provisioning.
```
